Lin Mengdi at this time
Write you such a touching letter
It's clearly a bitter plan
But after seeing your strength that day
I want to take you back to the palm of my hand
His grandmother was kind to me after all
Although his grandmother is gone
It was also his grandfather's birthday party.
Still didn't go
But the master
What you owe the Lin family has already been paid off
Besides, a meaningless meal like this
You don't need to participate, right?
How do you know?
This Lin Mengdi
Won't do anything to you at the dinner table
Just a dinner
The measuring port is dry
Besides, his neighbor has nothing now.
They asked me to go
Just want me to help Lin Mengdi get back to the top mail
Isn't this all he asked for?
You obviously want to give her a big gift.
As a result, Lin Mengdi
But it embarrassed you so much on Ding Long Jiao
And his mother and his sister
A family is a good thing
Sir said
It was his grandfather's wish.
Still have to go
Forget it, don't think about anything.
You go and help me prepare some generous gifts
I'll go see his old man again
It can be regarded as repaying his kindness
But master I